A. Project Overview
Are you starting to feel like a web developer yet? You should!

Before you move on, I have one more challenge. I want you to use what you've learned up to this point to complete the following project. Simply titled, "Animal Trading Cards", this project combines the skills you mastered in the problem set and asks you to re-create a webpage from a design prototype.

This is a common workflow for front-end web developers. Typically, you'll be provided with a design prototype that needs to be translated to an actual, functional website. In most cases, designers only provide you with the design prototype. However, for this project, I've provided you with the design prototype and the HTML. The design prototype used in this project is inspired by trading cards and features a fish you might recognize from a popular animated film. You’ll be creating the card and swapping out the fish with an animal of your choice.

B. Project Instructions
1. View the Project Rubric
When doing a Udacity Project, it's an excellent habit to view the rubric once before doing the project (to understand the requirements) and once after doing the project (to check your work). You can go to the Project Rubric page to read the details. For your convenience, the next page also describes the rubric.

2. Download Project Template
Download and unzip animal-trading-cards-master.zip. Inside, you'll find card.html, styles.css, placeholder.png, and the design-prototype.png.

3. Have a look at each of the files.
Open card.html and view its code. See how it renders in the browser.
Have a look at the design-prototype.png. Note down what you notice about the styling or structure of the prototype.
The styles.css will be blank. You will be adding the CSS here.
The placeholder.png is a blank image that is used as a placeholder instead of an animal's picture.
Your job is to try and make your card resemble what you see in the design-prototype.jpg. You’ll need to modify card.html to include attributes and use CSS selectors to style specific elements.

4. Customize card.html
Open card.html.
Download your favorite animal's image. I personally love pandas so I have downloaded a pandas' image.


Replace the placeholder image with your favorite animal's image.
Don't forget to change the image's alt attribute to the name of your animal. So, alt="name-of-your-animal" should be replaced with the actual name of your animal.
Modify card.html to include attributes so that you can use CSS selectors to style the elements specified in the next step - Customize styles.css. Make sure you use meaningful names for CSS classes.
Link your stylesheet in card.html or else your CSS, styles.css will not be applied to your webpage. You will not be including any <style> elements or style attributes in the body of card.html.
Replace the current information with your animal's information. Information will refer to:
The Animal's Name
The Interesting Fact about the Animal
The List of Items for your Animal's Characteristics.
Your Animal's Brief Description.
5. Customize styles.css
Open styles.css and apply the following style to match the design prototype:

For the image, you will want to use an image with a width of 300 pixels. If your image is larger, you can set the image's width to 300 pixels in your CSS, but be aware that your image might end up squished or distorted. Later, we'll talk about how you can fix this problem using responsive images.
The entire card's width should be fixed and include the spacing around the image (Since image is 300px wide, card should be 300px + spacing on either side.) The card should not expand with the browser window.
Italicized text for the animal's interesting fact.
Bold the Labels for the animals' list items (e.g. 'Habitat'). Note that you have to only bold the labels, not the entire list items.
No dots for the animal's list items.
Border around the animal name, image and it's information (interesting fact, list items, and description). Make sure you set the border-style, border-width and border-color. You can even do it in one line.
Spacing / Padding around the animal's name, image, the list of items and the information.
Feel free to customize your information and styles so long as you follow the above rules. For inspiration, you can try playing around with background colors or border-radius. You can even add a box shadow on the entire card.

